net: lib: aws_iot: Added support for run-time endpoint host name config (#9518)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/aws_iot.rst

1. In the `AWS IoT console`_, navigate to :guilabel:`IoT core` > :guilabel:`Settings`.
#. Find the ``Device data endpoint`` address and set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME` to this address string.

>    The address can instead also be provided at run time when the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME_APP` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The address can also be provided at run time by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME_APP` option. If this option is set, *host_name* and *host_name_len* in the :c:struct:`aws_iot_config` structure needs to be populated before its passed into :c:func:`aws_iot_init` when initializing the library.
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_CLIENT_ID_APP`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_CLIENT_ID_STATIC`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_CLIENT_ID_MAX_LEN`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME_MAX_LEN`

> 

Author: This looks great!
Regarding the naming convention, at line 92 the AWS "host name" is referred to as "Device data endpoint", in AWS they use this same name. I suggest we could use "endpoint address". Is it ok to stick to "BROKER_HOST_NAME" for the Kconfig options, or would we rather change this to "BROKER_ENDPOINT" for consistency?

> 

Reviewer: I think its ok to stick to the already established naming for now since its not exactly within scope for this PR to change the name.

> 

Author: I agree, thank you

.. note::
   If you are using a longer device ID that is either set by the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_CLIENT_ID_STATIC` or passed in during initialization, it might be required to increase the value of the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_CLIENT_ID_MAX_LEN` for proper initialization of the library.

>    Similarly, if your AWS host name set by the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME` or passed in during initialization is longer than the default value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME_MAX_LEN`, it is required to increase this value for proper initialization of the library.

Author: Do you think it is better to drop line 128? This note block might become rather large and the information given in this sentence was already provided at line 92, 93 and 94.

I also noticed a section at line 156 which talks about setting the client-ID at runtime. Maybe it would be better to revert all current changes and just change this section to incorporate setting the host name runtime or add an additional section with this information? What do you think?

>    Similarly, if your AWS host name set by the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME` or passed in during initialization is longer than the default value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME_MAX_LEN`, it is required to increase this value for proper initialization of the library.

Reviewer: Lets stick to AWS hostname for now
